pilot3_stmm/README.md, before:

# Cloud4all Pilot 3 Test Outcomes from the Statistical Matchmaker

In order to allow other researchers and developers to reproduce the matchmaker evaluation in Cloud4all's third evaluation phase, this repository contains the outcomes of the tests with the Statistical Matchmaker. 

The three subdirectories `stmm01`, `stmm02` and `stmm03` contain two types of files: 
* `StatisticalMatchMakerData.js` (the clusering data),
* files with names ending in `_stmmresponse.json` (the matchmaker responses).

The three versions of `StatisticalMatchMakerData.js` were generated by the [analysis component of the Statistical Matchmaker](https://github.com/REMEXLabs/GPII-Statistical-Matchmaker-Analysis) based on three different subsets of the [training data](https://github.com/REMEXLabs/GPII-Statistical-Matchmaker-Data/tree/master/manualDataThirdPhase) (see the README.md files in the subdirectories). 

The resulting `StatisticalMatchMakerData.js` was each time given to the matchmaker's runtime component by putting it into its `lib` directory and then starting the runtime component as a web service. 

The files with names ending in `_stmmresponse.json` were generated by sending the payloads in the `testdata` directory to the statistical matchmaker's repository. 
Instructions for running the statistical matchmaker's runtime component and sending the payloads to it are available in the [runtime component's repository](https://github.com/REMEXLabs/GPII-Statistical-Matchmaker). 
The file `MMTest1a_stmmresponse.json` represents the matchmaker's inference for the payload `MMTest1a.json` etc. After the creation of these response files, these files were linted using [JSONLint](http://jsonlint.com/).

Commit message:

README now references STMM releases.
The README.md file now references version v0.3 of the STMM's analysis
and runtime components to make it easier to reproduced the results.

pilot3_stmm/README.md, after:

# Cloud4all Pilot 3 Test Outcomes from the Statistical Matchmaker

In order to allow other researchers and developers to reproduce the matchmaker evaluation in Cloud4all's third evaluation phase, 
this repository contains the outcomes of the tests with the Statistical Matchmaker. 

The three subdirectories `stmm01`, `stmm02` and `stmm03` contain two types of files: 
* `StatisticalMatchMakerData.js` (the clusering data),
* files with names ending in `_stmmresponse.json` (the matchmaker responses).

The three versions of `StatisticalMatchMakerData.js` were generated by the 
[analysis component of the Statistical Matchmaker](https://github.com/REMEXLabs/GPII-Statistical-Matchmaker-Analysis) 
(more specifically, [version 0.3](https://github.com/REMEXLabs/GPII-Statistical-Matchmaker-Analysis/releases/tag/v0.3))
based on three different subsets of the 
[training data](https://github.com/REMEXLabs/GPII-Statistical-Matchmaker-Data/tree/master/manualDataThirdPhase) 
(see the README.md files in the subdirectories). 

The resulting `StatisticalMatchMakerData.js` was each time given to the 
matchmaker's runtime component 
(more specifically, [version 0.3](https://github.com/REMEXLabs/GPII-Statistical-Matchmaker/releases/tag/v0.3))
by putting it into its `lib` directory and 
then starting the runtime component as a web service. 

The files with names ending in `_stmmresponse.json` were generated by sending the payloads in the `testdata` directory to the statistical matchmaker's repository. 
Instructions for running the statistical matchmaker's runtime component and 
sending the payloads to it are available in the 
[runtime component's repository](https://github.com/REMEXLabs/GPII-Statistical-Matchmaker). 
The file `MMTest1a_stmmresponse.json` represents the matchmaker's inference for the payload `MMTest1a.json` etc. 
After the creation of these response files, these files were linted using [JSONLint](http://jsonlint.com/).
